>> Maximiliano Firtman: Not
everything is good news.
We still have some platforms and browsers
where we don't have support for PWAs.
Firefox on desktop, as we mentioned
before, is not supporting PWAs.
VisionOS as of today, so
Vision Pro, you have Safari, but
you can only install web apps from there.
Android WebView, and also iOS WebView that
actually is more important than we think.
So when you are on Instagram or
Tiktok, just to give you two examples,
it can be also Facebook and others.
What happens when you click on a link,
if there is a link to the outside world?
What happens when you click on a link?
Does anyone know?
>> Student: Stay within the app.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: You
stay within the app.
They have something known
as an in-app browser.
They don't want you to get
out of TikTok or Instagram.
They want you to stay there.
So they created an in-app browser.
That in-app browser is using
something known as a WebView.
That WebView does not
support PWA installation.
So if your PWA, if your web app
relies a lot on social networks and
links on social networks,
have in mind that from the links
that you post or the ads that
you put on social networks,
the ads with links cannot trigger
the native installation dialog.
Make sense?
So that's something to know.
WatchOS while there is a browser here and
you can browse websites.
Yeah, yeah.
And I have a video running
Prince of Persia here.
Remember Prince of Persia?
There is a JavaScript version Prince
js.com if would have tried, and
I have it on my watch, but
you cannot install the app, okay?
The same happens on TVOS,
Apple TV or Android TV.
As of today, you cannot install PWAs.
Anyway, there are some apps in the store
that inside they are Web based, okay?
Okay, any question on compatibility?
>> Student: Is there any way to
circumvent the social media screens,
so like actually have it
open a URL in a browser?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Unfortunately,
no, because they don't want users to get
out of that, so that doesn't mean
that your content will not work.
So because, I mean, it's a web
rendering engine, so the way to do that
is sometimes given the user
instructions like, go and open Safari.
I've seen things like, for example,
a button that says, install.
You click on the button,
and then a dialog appears.
you take advantage of the user
clicking the button to put the URL in
the clipboard, just to do one more step so,
and then you say, hey,
you need to go to Safari now, paste in
the URL, and then you start it from there.
Because that's actually Google
was against this against
these companies doing this for
the WebView.
They started like a campaign, but yeah,
actually business is greater than this.
And of course, these companies
don't want users to be that.
By the way,
this is happening to X as well.
Twitter has an experiment
that's of today X,
most of your links will
open in the browser.
But for me, I realized that it's happening
to me one every 20 links that I click.
One of every 20 links,
I see an in-app browser.
So Elon Musk also wants yourself not
to get away from the super App, and
when that happens, yeah,
all the installation process with
the operating system doesn't work.